hello my name is Niall Mela from
acoustic frontiers acoustic frontiers is
a Dex dealer in the United States we do
ship globally you can reach us on the
web at www.decksdirect-dot-com the major
speakers button I'm not going to create
any new speaker measurements today I'm
just going to load some I've already
done so let's go ahead and load one
meter on axis for my main speakers and a
measurement for my subwoofers so now
what you see is I have a measurement
window opening the decks with three
measurements that a measurement from the
woofer which is in blue a measurement
for the tweeter in green and the
measurement from my subwoofer in red
some of the controls I have available to
me with a smoothing control so I can
smooth the frequency response charts by
selecting a hundred percent smoothing
gives you a much much clearer view on
the actual trends whereas zero percent
smoothing is good for finding individual
resonant Peaks or other issues and the
frequency response that need to be
addressed it's also possible to view the
information collected by the decks in a
multiple different dimensions so we're
looking at the frequency response we
also can view information in terms of
group delay group delay is how much a
group of frequencies are delayed behind
others we can also look at the impulse
response also called the time window we
can look at the step response which is a
variation of an impulse response
measurement and we can also you look at
the phase characteristics to
in today's video I'm just showing you
very quickly how we can use the Texas
measurement capabilities to analyze
different different types of acoustic
measurements look at them in a number of
different dimensions you can reach me on
the web at acoustic frontiers WWE
acoustic frontiers calm my name is Niall
Muller thank you for watching the video